Yes, two friends who share our love for Jehovah are invaluable.
We'll see that in this story from Japan.
Sisters Takaku Sato and his Saku Wakui have worked together as pioneers since 1957.
Let's learn how their friendship has helped them serve Jehovah with joy.
We are pioneer partners.
We've been working together for over 60 years.
In 1956, I was the only Jehovah's Witness in Nagano Prefecture.
It was Lonsum, but I applied for regular pioneer service.
Surprisingly, I was appointed as a special pioneer.
I was so happy that I found myself rolling around on the tatami mat floor with the appointment letter in my hand.
That was the way I expressed my joy and appreciation.
When I was invited to serve as a special pioneer, I was sent to Nagano, and that's where I met Hisako.
Takako and I focused on our ministry.
When an isolated group was established, since there were no brothers, I would wear a head covering
and conduct a meeting.
Sometimes the outlines were in English.
We didn't understand anything.
But people were delighted to hear even just the scriptures and went home satisfied,
and that strongly impressed me the power of God's word.
We were assigned to a territory in the city after that.
We found so many Notre Thames.
But we determined to meet people.
So we changed the times we preached and talked to people on the street who were going to work.
We cherished even small opportunities.
When we had a chance to meet a householder, we always tried to have a conversation
that we could link to the next visit.
Before long, I had 10 Bible studies.
Takako acts like she is cheerful, but she's been fighting with various illnesses.
At times, it was so bad that I could not even go out in service.
I had a serious skin condition.
I could not bear to look at the illustration of Job in the magazine,
and I covered it up with paper.
But Jehovah helped me to look to Job's example.
I learned that our endurance under trial would become praise to God.
I have often had health problems.
Just at one of those times, I received a letter from the branch.
It said,
what you can accomplish now may be limited.
However, think about all that you have done up to now to give praise to Jehovah.
About the people you were able to help learn the truth,
and be joyful,
knowing that you have been used by Jehovah fully.
I couldn't stop crying because I really felt the care and concern
from the organization and from Jehovah.
Hisako also took real good care of me and prayed with me.
Our thinking and personality are different,
but we made efforts to talk things out.
Our heartfelt desire to want to serve Jehovah full-time has always been the same.
For 60 years, we've enjoyed a truly wonderful life of service to Jehovah.
Jehovah has supported us in difficult times through the Bible,
the organization and friends.
I have tasted the truthfulness of the words,
when I am weak, then I am powerful.
When I said, my foot is slipping,
your kindness so Jehovah has supported me.
I can say that too.
Although we don't have energy and no ability,
we've been able to enjoy full-time service together up to now.
I'm really content now. It's all thanks to Jehovah.
Like the Apostle Paul, our sisters cultivated singleness
and focused on full-time service to Jehovah for more than 60 years.
Yes, they face everyday challenges,
and the extra ones that come with age,
but their heartfelt desire to serve Jehovah whole soul
brings Takaku and Hisaku real joy and contentment.